Update appv-release-notes-for-appv-for-windows.md (#5013)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/application-management/app-v/appv-release-notes-for-appv-for-windows.md

**Workaround**: Use a newer version of Microsoft Visual Studio.

> Today, we do not support app virtualization with Visual Studio, whether using Microsoft’s App-V or third party solutions such as VMWare’s ThinApp. While it is possible that customers might find that Visual Studio works well enough for their purposes when running within one of these environments, at this time we are unable to address any bugs or issues found when running in a virtualized environment.

Reviewer: Please consider rewrite below. Also, we need to be specific about the Visual Studio versions we are describing here.

NOTE: Visual Studio 2012 currently doesn't support app virtualization, whether using Microsoft’s App-V or third party solutions such as VMWare’s ThinApp. While it is possible that Visual Studio can work well enough in virtualized environments, the Visual Studio team can't directly address problems encountered while running in a these environments.

> Today, we do not support app virtualization with Visual Studio, whether using Microsoft’s App-V or third party solutions such as VMWare’s ThinApp. While it is possible that customers might find that Visual Studio works well enough for their purposes when running within one of these environments, at this time we are unable to address any bugs or issues found when running in a virtualized environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, Visual Studio 2012 doesn't support app virtualization, whether using Microsoft App-V or third party solutions such as VMWare ThinApp. While it is possible you might find that Visual Studio works well enough for your purposes when running within one of these environments, we are unable to address any bugs or issues found when running in a virtualized environment at this time.
```

Reviewer: Looks good. Please commit.

Reviewer 3: @GrantMeStrength can you please commit the suggested rewrite? After that we can approve this PR. thx
